now before the video starts let me just
tell you right now as much as you guys
want to next crash game if this is
likely to happen as much as you people
want the next crash came to be developed
by naughty dog it's not going to happen
they're focused on more realistic things
take uncharted and the last of us for
example have you guys seen the jak and
dax before reboot designs to dexter and
jacket and everybody else they really
want their games to be dark tone they do
not want to make the next crash game it
is not going to happen move on fucking
audio we have other sony developers
what's up everyone Jeremiah here with
some exciting news for crash bandicoot
fans almost everywhere and i also have a
commutator with me to explain why this
is very likely to happen okay so
yesterday there was a trailer for the
playstation 4 call business for the
players the trailer contained characters
from different franchises that will be
making the answer to playstation 4 you
know but really let's just cut to the
exciting show already all right so
basically around 48 seconds to 50
seconds of the trailer there's a side to
the far right which contained a red
circle coming out of the trash can or
recycling bin and the circle is getting
picked up by Sony Computer Entertainment
however surprisingly there's a figure
side of the red circle that is shaped
like crash in fact the black shaded
silhouette of crash is actually a model
from to insanity that's right crash is
in a PlayStation 4 trailer for easter
egg you know what this could mean yes
crash may be coming to next-gen or in
fact he is coming to next-gen and Sony
probably acquired the rights from
Activision in order to use crash in his
trailer for a little hint to say that
crash will be returning soon exclusively
to PlayStation what do you think about
this city in fracture thanks Jerry this
is obsidian fracture basically what I
want to say about this this revelation
if you will is that obviously we have we
have this crash symbol in the sign it's
undoubtedly crash and the arrow points
towards the golden diamond shape now
that is the shape of the original sony
computer entertainment logo I really
fail to see how this can mean anything
but crashes coming to Sony or the
PlayStation 4 or something of this
nature they wouldn't be able to just
include this flippantly in the adverb
would unless they had the rights to do
so and so whether whether that means
it's purely down to Sony now like
they've acquired him or whether they've
just acquired the light that they're
borrowing him because it could still be
multi-platform but whatever and I know
there was a lot of speculation leading
to the launch event which happened yes
day there was a lot of speculation
circling about they were going to bring
back and mention a returning classic IP
so when this trailer came out everybody
seemed to point the finger to crash I
wouldn't be disheartened by the fact
that crash didn't show and this is this
is my my piece don't want to say think
about it if they announced this crash
returns now how would that impact Mac
now narc is sort of like the prodigal
successor to crash into in Sony's eyes
and it's not received that great reviews
and so if they were to announce crash
now this may or may not have a negative
impact on the sales of nak so I think
this easter egg is a good hint to the
future but don't worry that he's not
been announced outright yet because
they've got to respect nak yeah what
what do you think what I've just said
Jeremiah now's a fan of platformers I
don't think net was initially intended
to take crashes place as most of some
people would say I consider neck is the
brother crash although they are nothing
alike besides having the classic factor
throughout the game play like crashes
first game neck has a lot to thank for
classic platform is especially when it
comes to crash Sonic and even ratchet
and clank but let's not get off topic
here okay so going back to the launch
event that rumor returning classic IP
turned out to be two things Naughty Dog
announced an uncharted for the ps4 in
Hideo Kojima announcing the PlayStation
4 exclusive dlc for classic snake in
Metal Gear Solid 5 not crashing Parappa
the rapper as the internet has seemed to
suspect as of yet because there are new
events happening sir non-video game
announcements in the next upcoming weeks
or month plus keep in mind that there
are 140 PlayStation 4 games at
development right now and one of them
are likely to be crash now I undoubtedly
believe that this symbolism of the crash
sign pointing towards a Sony sign this
just cannot be ignored I firmly believe
that good things
gonna come for crash bandicoot don't
lose hope because it wasn't announced at
the ps4 launch event I'll say again they
have not done that to respect the launch
window of knack youtubers such as myself
in Jeremiah I've been kicking around for
quite a while now and there's one simple
reason to laugh we love crash bandicoot
we love playstation we love these games
and seeing this happening now just cut
it is kind of like like the like the
trailer says it's for the players like
this is a this is potentially a huge
payoff and a thanks towards everything
that we've been working towards with our
videos and I just wanted to say thank
you sony for what appears to be
happening whether whether this means you
may eventually get in the playstation
allstars you never know but i think we
can all agree that the one thing we're
hoping for is crash bandicoot returns so
I'll now hand you back to Jeremiah for a
last closing statement I honestly do
think that Sony did buy the rights of
Activision in order to get crashed back
with his feet for the playstation 4
since they literally weren't doing
anything with the IP I said it before
one of our videos and I'll say it again
what the fuck is the point of having an
IP when you're not going to use it for
half a decade and all you're doing is
milking certain franchises rehashing the
same bullshit every year it's ridiculous
there's never not a possibility when it
comes to crash bandicoot people but
spiral however he's in Skylanders he's
making money crash on the other hand is
not activision throw him in the trash
can after canceling about three games
not landing him into a PlayStation
brawler which he totally deserved to be
in and just not giving else's of a fuck
what so ever Sony if you did indeed get
the crash bandicoot IP from activision
you made the right choice seriously
let's make this shit happen and let's
hope for crash to make his first debut
on to next gen